README.md, before:

# ChEn-1070 Introduction to Chemical Engineering
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website/https/github.com/dpploy/chen-1070?down_color=lightgrey&down_message=offline&up_color=blue&up_message=online)](https://github.com/dpploy/chen-1070)
[![Home](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/dpploy/chen-1070)](https://github.com/dpploy/chen-1070)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/dpploy/chen-1070/master)
[![NBViewer](https://github.com/jupyter/design/blob/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg)](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/dpploy/chen-1070/tree/master/notebooks)

   + [University of Massachusetts Lowell](https://www.uml.edu/), Fall 2019
   + [Dept. of Chemical Engineering](https://www.uml.edu/Engineering/Chemical/)
   + [Prof. Valmor F. de Almeida](https://www.uml.edu/Engineering/Chemical/faculty/de-Almeida-Valmor.aspx) (valmor_dealmeida@uml.edu)
   + Prof. Sanjeev Manohar (sanjeev_manohar@uml.edu)
   + T.A. Lohith Vamsi Mohan Reddy Annadevula (lohithvamsimohanreddy_annadevula@student.uml.edu)
   

The goal of this course is to present to freshmen students of chemical engineering an interconnected set of concepts and their corresponding computational methods needed in the core undergraduate chemical engineering curriculum. In particular, concepts central to problem solving in the core areas of chemical reactor engineering and separations with applications in nuclear, biochemical, and materials engineering.

Feedback and collaboration to improve this course are welcome through GitHub `pull requests` and `issues` or direct email to the faculty listed above.

This course uses Jupyter Notebooks in Python programming language. **The content can be accessed in
the following ways:**

+ Static HTML version of the notebooks will be displayed on the current browser if a
notebook file listed in the code repository is clicked on. This will not allow for rendering mathematical formulae. Alternatively you can render the notebooks on [NBViewer](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/) by clicking on the `render|nbviewer` badge above.
+ Click on the `launch/binder` badge above to launch a Jupyter Notebook server for the
course notebooks. There will be a delay for the Binder cloud server to build a
Python (Anaconda) programming environment for you. However once it is done, it will
start a Jupyter Notebook server on your web browser with all notebooks listed. Upon
clicking on individual notebook files, you will access the live course notebooks.
+ Use the green `download` button above on the right upper side of the page and download a ZIP archive to your local machine. Unzip the archive. Then use your own Jupyter Notebook server to navigate to the directory created by the unzip operation and upload the notebook files. In this case the files will not be updated and you will need to return to the repository for getting new files or updated versions of previously downloaded files.

> *Later in the curriculum, students will take the required course [ChEn-3170](https://github.com/dpploy/chen-3170) 
> which expands the content of the present course. Students will profit from looking ahead and comparing notes between 
> the two courses.*

Thanks in advance for inputs to improve this course.\
Regards,\
Sanjeev and Valmor.

Commit message:

Updated Readme for Cortix Tech training

README.md, after:

# CT-100 Introduction to Computational Nuclear Chemical Engineering

[![NBViewer](https://github.com/jupyter/design/blob/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg)](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/dpploy/ct-100/tree/master/notebooks)
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/dpploy/ct-100/master)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website/https/github.com/dpploy/ct-100?down_color=lightgrey&down_message=offline&up_color=blue&up_message=online)](https://github.com/dpploy/ct-100)
[![Home](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/dpploy/ct-100)](https://github.com/dpploy/ct-100)

   + [Cortix Tech](https://cortix.tech/), Training & Certification

The goal of this course is to present professionals of (nuclear) chemical engineering an interconnected set of concepts and their corresponding computational methods needed in the core undergraduate chemical engineering curriculum. In particular, concepts central to problem solving in the core areas of chemical reactor engineering and separations with applications in nuclear, biochemical, and materials engineering.

Feedback and collaboration to improve this course are welcome through GitHub `pull requests` and `issues` or direct email to the faculty listed above.

This course uses Jupyter Notebooks in Python programming language. **The content can be accessed in
the following ways:**

+ Static HTML version of the notebooks will be displayed on the current browser if a
notebook file listed in the code repository is clicked on. This will not allow for rendering mathematical formulae. Alternatively you can render the notebooks on [NBViewer](http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/) by clicking on the `render|nbviewer` badge above.
+ Click on the `launch/binder` badge above to launch a Jupyter Notebook server for the
course notebooks. There will be a delay for the Binder cloud server to build a
Python (Anaconda) programming environment for you. However once it is done, it will
start a Jupyter Notebook server on your web browser with all notebooks listed. Upon
clicking on individual notebook files, you will access the live course notebooks.
+ Use the green `download` button above on the right upper side of the page and download a ZIP archive to your local machine. Unzip the archive. Then use your own Jupyter Notebook server to navigate to the directory created by the unzip operation and upload the notebook files. In this case the files will not be updated and you will need to return to the repository for getting new files or updated versions of previously downloaded files.

> *Later in the curriculum, students will take the required course [CT-300](https://github.com/dpploy/CT-300) 
> which expands the content of the present course. Students will profit from looking ahead and comparing notes between 
> the two courses.*

Thanks in advance for inputs to improve this course.\
Regards,\
Dr. Valmor F. de Almeida, [Cortix Tech](https://cortix.tech)

## History
This training material was developed and used by Dr. Valmor F. de Almeida while teaching as an associate professor of nuclear chemical engineering at UMass Lowell USA. This is now offered as training and certification at [Cortix Tech](https://cortix.tech).
